[Music]
identity and values drive behavior so if
you want to make a change you have to
change your vision of who you are you
have to begin telling yourself a
different narrative and the narrative
you tell yourself about yourself is
everything too many people get trapped
believing they're powerless over their
circumstances people talk about their
troubles like they're happening to
someone else like they're a passive
bystander in their own life a spectator
to their own problems these people never
take action because they see themselves
as a victim they feel that every
situation is out of their control and
you want to know the dark secret they
like it that way because then they don't
have to do anything and if you tell
yourself that you're a scared under
educated kid from Tacoma whose family
has never accomplished anything let me
tell you what you will become
a scared under educated kid from Tacoma
who never accomplishes anything because
that's what you believe you tell
yourself that story enough and it will
become real but on the flip side you
could tell yourself the story of you're
a learner you learn faster than most
people you're willing to put in more
work than most people you're willing to
read more books than most people you're
willing to spend an inhuman amount of
time every day improving your mind
simply by getting new ideas into the
system and that you will admit that
you're wrong faster than anybody else
that you won't let your ego get in the
way and you tell yourself that story
over and over and over so when somebody
comes and tells you how stupid you are
that you're just a dumb kid from Tacoma
you go you're right that's amazing thank
you for pointing out that flaw because
now that I'm aware of it I can improve
it because I'm the learner and once I
switched my narrative to being the
learner it didn't matter where I started
it only mattered where I was trying to
go and as long as I had that clarity
then I could execute because I believed
I could do anything I set my mind to
without limitation every time we form a
new opinion about who we are we're right
not because our opinions are based on
facts or even share
people that know us best our opinions
about ourselves are correct because
every time we believe something about
our identity it becomes our reality we
are constantly subconsciously creating
the reality of our existence so why not
create it unconsciously if you have the
opportunity right now in this moment to
create an entirely new reality for
yourself which traits would the new you
possess how would you react under
pressure and how would you push yourself
to learn and grow and how would you push
yourself to grow and get better that
person you're imagining they're worth
becoming so get to know them get in the
habit of thinking arefox seeing the
world the way they see the world because
when you do that when you get deep
inside their mind when you see things
the way they see things then you really
just becoming your future self
[Music]
you